WRQ-25355: A video player sample playing google video ads (#236)
enactjs/samples: sandstone/pattern-video-player-google-ads/README.md

## VideoPlayerGoogleAds pattern

> A sample Enact application that demonstrates how to play Google Video Ads with Sandstone VideoPlayer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A sample Enact application that demonstrates how to integrate Google Video Ads with Sandstone VideoPlayer.
```

Author: ok

> A sample Enact application that demonstrates how to play simple Google Video Ads with Sandstone VideoPlayer.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A sample Enact application that demonstrates how to play Google Video Ads with Sandstone VideoPlayer.

```

Author: ok

Run `npm install` then `npm run serve` to have the app running on [http://localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080), where you can view it in your browser.

#### Enact Components Used
- `sandstone/MediaPlayer/MediaControls`
- `sandstone/ThemeDecorator`
- `sandstone/VideoPlayer`

> If you want to add Google Video Ads into your custom video player, you should integrate IMA3 HTML5 SDK. ([HTML5 video advertising guidelines](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/6391192?hl=en&ref_topic=1706004&sjid=6550346971434809951-AP))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To add Google Video Ads to your custom video player, you need to integrate the IMA3 HTML5 SDK. Refer to the [HTML5 video advertising guidelines](https://support.google.com/adsense/answer/6391192?hl=en&ref_topic=1706004&sjid=6550346971434809951-AP) for more information.
```

Author: ok

> This is a simple example to show how to integrate IMA SDK into a sandstone video player app, following the [IMA SDK tutorial](https://developers.google.com/interactive-media-ads/docs/sdks/html5/client-side). Please refer the tutorial page about basic IMA SDK features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example demonstrates how to integrate the IMA SDK into a Sandstone video player app, following the [IMA SDK tutorial](https://developers.google.com/interactive-media-ads/docs/sdks/html5/client-side). Please refer to the tutorial page for basic IMA SDK features.
```

Author: ok

> This is a simple example to show how to integrate IMA SDK into a sandstone video player app, following [IMA SDK tutorial](https://developers.google.com/interactive-media-ads/docs/sdks/html5/client-side). Please refer the tutorial page about basic IMA SDK features.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This is a simple example to show how to integrate IMA SDK into a sandstone video player app, following the [IMA SDK tutorial](https://developers.google.com/interactive-media-ads/docs/sdks/html5/client-side). Please refer the tutorial page about basic IMA SDK features.

```

Author: ok

> In this sample, some details are different with the original tutorial.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this sample, some details are different from the original tutorial.

```

Author: ok

> In this sample, some details are different from the original tutorial.
> `adContainer` node is placed in front of the `VideoPlayer` component to toggle the media controller by clicking the video layer.
> And `playPauseButton` is disabled before initializing IMA and during playing the ad.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this sample, some details differ from the original tutorial:
- The `adContainer` node is placed in front of the `VideoPlayer` component to toggle the media controller by clicking the video layer.
- The `playPauseButton` is disabled before initializing IMA and during ad playback.
```

Author: ok

> You can find a more detailed view inside of [App.js](src/App/App.js)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a more detailed view, check inside [App.js](src/App/App.js).
```

Author: ok
